
0. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Arguments in favor of CBD for pets include: Studies about its use in pets have had positive results. Also, a majority of veterinarians agree that it helps animals. Arguments against argue that CBD pet products are unregulated. Additionally, they may harm animals if used instead of traditional medicine.
1. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen the following arguments presented by people on both sides. Sanctuary policies are legal and protected by the Tenth Amendment. People who are against sanctuary policies say they defy federal laws to which state and local governments are bound.
2. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the argument that violent video games contribute to youth violence present evidence that many perpetrators of mass shootings played violent video games. However, those who oppose this argument say many risk factors are associated with youth violence, but video games are not one of them.
3. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of Breed-Specific Legislation ("Pit Bull Bans") present the argument that it makes communities safer. Those against it argue that there is no evidence that it makes communities safer.
4. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of Washington, DC and Puerto Rico becoming US states present the argument that DC residents are Americans but are treated as second class citizens. Arguments against this argument present the argument that DC was never intended to be a US state.
5. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the embargo present the argument that Cuban-Americans support it. Those opposed present the argument that the embargo harms the people of Cuba but not the Cuban government.
6. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of a uniformly mandated dress code argue that it promotes safety by standardizing people's appearance. Those against it argue that it would actually reinforce racist standards of beauty and dress.
7. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of parents banning books from schools and libraries present the argument that parents have the right to decide what their children are exposed to. Those opposed present the argument that books are a portal to different life experiences and that reading encourages empathy and social-emotional development.
8. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of growing GMOs argue that it leads to environmental benefits like reduced pesticide use, less water waste, and lower carbon emissions. It also lowers the price of food and increases nutritional content, helping to alleviate world hunger. Arguments against GM crops argue that they have not been proven safe for human consumption through human clinical trials. They also damage the environment by increasing the use of toxic herbicides and pesticides.
9. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of drone strikes present the argument that it is legal under both American and international law. They also claim that it limits the scale and scope of military action, thereby saving American lives as well as the lives of civilians in other countries. Finally, they say that Americans support this approach. Those opposed present the argument that a secretive approach to drone strikes constitutes extrajudicial assassination and a violation of human rights. They also claim that this approach terrifies and kills civilians. Furthermore, they say that it violates the sovereignty of other countries and is extremely unpopular in the affected countries.
10. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the argument that violent video games contribute to youth violence present the arguments that exposure to violent video games is linked to lower empathy and decreased kindness. Also presented is the argument that the US military uses violent video games to train soldiers to kill. Those opposed to the argument that violent video games contribute to youth violence present the arguments that as sales of violent video games have significantly increased, violent juvenile crime rates have significantly decreased. Additionally, they argue that the studies claiming a causal link between video game violence and real life violence are flawed.
11. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the US continuing to use drone strikes argue that Americans support them. Those opposed to drone strikes say that they create an emotional disconnect from the horrors of war and inflict psychological stress on drone operators.
12. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of CBD for pets report success in treating their animals with CBD. A majority of veterinarians agree that CBD helps animals. And, studies about CBD use in pets have had positive results. However, arguments against CBD for pets point out that there isn't enough scientific evidence to support giving CBD to pets. Also, CBD pet products are unregulated and could potentially harm animals if used instead of traditional medicine.
13. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the argument that violent video games contribute to youth violence present arguments such as: 1) exposure to violence in video games being linked to lower empathy and decreased kindness, 2) many mass shooters played violent video games, and 3) simulating violence such as shooting guns and hand-to-hand combat in video games can cause real-life violent behavior. However, those opposed to this argument present arguments such as: 1) as violent video game sales have increased, so have violent juvenile crime rates decreased, 2) studies have shown that violent video games can actually have a positive effect on kindness, civic engagement, and prosocial behaviors, and 3) simple statistics do not support the claim that violent video games cause mass shootings or other violence.
14. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of vaping present the arguments that it is a safer way to ingest tobacco. They also claim that e-cigarettes help adults quit smoking and help lower youth smoking rates. Furthermore, they argue that e-cigarettes reduce healthcare costs, create jobs, and help the economy. Those opposed the argument that vaping among children is skyrocketing. They say it is addicting a new generation to nicotine and introducing them to smoking. Finally, this group presents the argument that vaping carries serious health risks including depression, lung disease, and stroke. It is also stated that e-cigarettes can catch fire and even explode.
15. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the US becoming socialist point out that the public supports the implementation of socialist policies and that the US already has many successful and popular socialist policies. Those opposed present the argument that the American public supports a capitalist economy and that the US already has costly socialist entitlements.
16. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the US becoming socialist present the argument that the American public supports the implementation of more socialist policies. Those opposed present the argument that the American public supports a capitalist economy. Finally, a common argument presented is that the US already has too many costly socialist entitlements.
17. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of government regulation of prescription drug prices present the arguments that high drug costs can force people to choose between life-saving drugs and other essentials. They also argue that without regulation, drug costs would be inconsistent and often hidden, leaving doctors struggling to provide appropriate care to their patients. Those opposed to government regulation present the argument that the US federal government is already over-involved in healthcare and should leave prescription drugs to the free market. Additionally, they argue that the revenue from prescription drug sales fund research and development of new drugs.
18. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of government prescription drug regulation present the argument that high drug costs can force people to choose between life-saving drugs and other essentials. Those opposed to government regulation present the argument that the US federal government is already over-involved in healthcare and that prescription drugs should be left to the free market. Finally, this argument lists the argument that the revenue from prescription drug sales fund research and development of new drugs.
19. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of a ban present the arguments that children should not be exposed to sex, violence, drug use, or other inappropriate topics in school or public libraries. The argument also presents that parents have the right to decide what material their children are exposed to. However the argument against a ban presents the argument that many frequently challenged books help people get a better idea of the world and their place in it. They also present that books are a portal to different life experiences and that reading encourages empathy and social-emotional development.
20. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of a ban present the arguments that children should not be exposed to sex, violence, drug use, or other inappropriate topics in school or public libraries. Also, parents have the right to decide what material their children are exposed to. Those opposed present the argument that many frequently challenged books actually help people understand the world and their place in it.
21. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of CBD for pets point out that studies have shown positive results regarding its use in animals. However, others argue that there is not enough scientific evidence to support giving CBD to pets.
22. ----------
I'm seeing a lot of discussion about this lately. I don't have an opinion myself, but I can present the arguments I found to be presented by people. Those in favor of CBD for pets point out that studies have shown positive results regarding its use in animals and that a majority of veterinarians agree it helps animals. However, arguments against its use point out that there isn't enough scientific evidence to support giving CBD to pets.
23. ----------
This is a very new and emerging field so I can't give you a definitive answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of CBD for pets report success in treating their animals, while those against it say there isn't enough scientific evidence to support giving CBD to pets.
24. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of mandates argue that they are a reasonable condition of employment and most employees agree. However, those against argue that they are not the best workplace policy and offer alternatives to vaccinations.
25. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of mandates present arguments that they are a reasonable condition of employment and that most employees agree with it. Those against argue that they are not the best workplace policy and that there are alternatives to vaccinations. They also say that employer vaccine mandates can be harmful to marginalized communities.
26. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen the arguments presented by people on both sides. Those in favor of employer mandates present them as a reasonable condition of employment and most employees agree with it. Those against the argument that mandates harm marginalized communities. So where do you stand?
27. ----------
This is a very complex issue with arguments presented by both sides. Those in favor of packing the Supreme Court present the arguments that historical precedent allows for more than nine Justices and there are no laws against it. However, those opposed to this argument argue that historical precedent most strongly supports a nine-judge Supreme Court.
28. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of GMOs argue that it leads to environmental benefits like reduced pesticide use, less water waste, and lower carbon emissions. However, others argue that GM crops can actually harm the environment by increasing the use of toxic herbicides and pesticides.
29. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of GMOs argue that it leads to environmental benefits such as reduced pesticide use, less water waste, and lower carbon emissions. However, opponents argue that GM crops lead to the increased use of toxic herbicides and pesticides. Additionally, they say that GM crops have not been proven safe for human consumption.
30. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of GMO cultivation present the arguments that it leads to environmental benefits like reduced pesticide use, less water waste, and lower carbon emissions. Those opposed present the argument that GM crops have not been proven safe for human consumption through human clinical trials.
31. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of a Universal Basic Income (UBI) present it as a way to reduce poverty and income inequality, as well as improve people's physical and mental health. It also guarantees a living income for non-working parents and caregivers, which in turn empowers a traditionally unpaid role, particularly for women. However, some oppose UBI, saying it would make people remove the incentive to work, which would harm the economy and potentially lead to a labor and skills shortage. They also argue that it is simply too expensive.
32. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of a Universal Basic Income (UBI) present it as a way to reduce poverty and income inequality while also improving people's physical and mental health. It guarantees a living income for non-working parents and caregivers, which in particular empowers traditionally unpaid roles, especially for women. However, opponents of UBI present the argument that it removes the incentive to work, which could have negative effects on the labor market and lead to a shortage of labor and skills.
33. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. Those in favor of cancel culture present the argument that it gives a voice to the disenfranchised and less powerful people. But, its opponents argue that it is not a productive approach and will not bring about social change.
34. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. Those in favor of cancel culture present the argument that it gives a voice to the disenfranchised and less powerful people. But, its opponents argue that it is not a productive approach and will not bring about social change.
35. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the US continuing to use drones argue that they limit the scope, scale, and casualties of military action, thereby making American military and civilians safer abroad. They also say that Americans support drone strikes. Arguments against drone strikes include the argument that they violate the sovereignty of other countries and are extremely unpopular in the affected countries. Finally, they argue that the secretive nature of drone strikes constitutes extrajudicial assassination and a violation of human rights.
36. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the US continuing to use drone strikes present the argument that Americans support it. Those opposed present the argument that drone strikes violate the sovereignty of other countries and are extremely unpopular in the affected countries. Finally, they argue that they are a secret and amount to extrajudicial assassination which violates human rights.
37. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the US continuing the use of drones argue that they limit the scope, scale, and casualties of military action, thereby keeping American military and civilians safer abroad. They also say that Americans support drone strikes. Arguments against drone strikes include: 1) they violate the sovereignty of other countries and are extremely unpopular in the affected countries. 2) secrecy makes them extrajudicial assassinations which violate human rights. 3) they tend to kill low-value targets which in turn create more terrorists.
38. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the United States continuing the use of drone strikes present the arguments that drones limit the scope, scale, and casualties of military action, thereby keeping American military and civilians safer abroad. They also say that Americans support drone strikes. Arguments against drone strikes present the argument that they terrorize and kill civilians. They also say that the secretive nature of drone strikes constitutes extrajudicial assassination and a violation of human rights.
39. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the statues being taken down argue that they are a painful reminder of past and present institutionalized racism in the United States. Those opposed argue that they do not cause racism and could actually be used to fight racism if put into historical context.
40. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the statues being taken down argue that they are a painful reminder of past and present institutionalized racism in the United States. Those opposed argue that they do not cause racism and could actually be used to fight racism if put into historical context.
41. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of GMOs present the arguments that they: 1) lower the price of food and increase nutritional content, helping to alleviate world hunger. 2) provide environmental benefits like reduced pesticide use, less water waste, and lower carbon emissions. Those opposed to GMOs claim that: 1) GM crops have not been proven safe for human consumption through human clinical trials. 2) some crops can actually harm the environment by increasing the use of toxic herbicides and pesticides.
42. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of GMOs argue that it leads to environmental benefits such as reduced pesticide use, less water waste, and lower carbon emissions. However, people are opposed to GM crops because they have not been proven safe for human consumption through human clinical trials and could potentially harm the environment by increasing the use of toxic herbicides and pesticides.
43. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of vaping present the arguments that it reduces health care costs, creates jobs, and helps the economy. Those against vaping present the arguments that it carries serious health risks including depression, lung disease, and stroke.
44. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of e-cigarettes present the arguments that they reduce health care costs, create jobs, and help the economy. Also presented is the argument that vaping is a safer way to ingest tobacco. Those opposed present the argument that it causes serious health risks including depression, lung disease, and stroke.
45. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of vaping present the argument that it is a safer way to ingest tobacco. On the other hand, those against vaping present the argument that it carries serious health risks including depression, lung disease and stroke.
46. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of Breed-Specific Legislation ("Pit Bull Bans") present the argument that it makes communities safer. Those against it argue that there is no evidence that it makes communities safer.
47. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of Breed-Specific Legislation ("Pit Bull Bans") present the argument that BSL makes communities safer. Those against BSL present the argument that there is no evidence that BSL makes communities safer and that it is a distraction from other forms of legislation and policies that could actually accomplish the safety goals.
48. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of Breed-Specific Legislation ("BSL" or "Pit Bull Bans") argue that pit bulls and some other dogs are genetically dangerous. Those against BSL argue that there is no evidence that BSL makes communities safer.
49. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have heard the following arguments presented by people on both sides. Those in favor of continuing the use of the penny say that it can last for decades and is more cost-effective to produce than a nickel. However, the process of making pennies is actually quite costly both financially and environmentally.
50. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of continuing the use of the penny present the arguments: 1) a penny can be used for decades and 2) it is more cost-efficient to produce than a nickel. Those opposed to the continued use of the penny present the arguments: 1) the process of making pennies is costly both financially and environmentally and 2) eliminating pennies would save time at the point of purchase without hurting customers or businesses financially.
51. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of continuing the circulation of the penny argue that it preserves consumer prices and avoids harming low-income households. Those against the continued circulation of the penny argue that the process of making them is costly both financially and environmentally.
52. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of space colonization present space exploration as the next logical step in human growth. Those opposed to space colonization argue that humans have made a mess of Earth and should therefore clean it up before thinking about destroying a moon or another planet.
53. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of space colonization present the arguments that it is the next logical step in space exploration and human growth. They also say that technological advancement into space can exist alongside conservation efforts on Earth. Those opposed to space colonization present the argument that humans have made a mess of Earth. They should clean it up instead of destroying a moon or another planet.
54. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of space colonization present the argument that technological advancement in space can exist alongside conservation efforts on Earth. Those opposed to space colonization present the argument that humans have made a mess of Earth and we should clean it up before destroying a moon or another planet.
55. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of privatization argument that it can reduce prison overpopulation, making facilities safer for inmates and employees. However, others are opposed to this argumentation because they argue that it is a costly proposition that will leave the most expensive prisoners in public prisons.
56. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of privatization present the arguments: 1) it can reduce prison overpopulation, making facilities safer for inmates and employees. 2) it can transform the broken government-run prison system. Those opposed present the argument: 1) it is a costly proposition and 2) it leaves the most expensive prisoners to public prisons.
57. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of privatization present the argument that it can help reduce prison overpopulation by making prisons safer for both inmates and employees. Those opposed present the argument that all prisons, both public and private, should be abolished.
58. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of reparations due to slavery argue that it left African American communities in a state of "slave health deficit" which must be addressed. Those against reparations argue that no one currently living is responsible for righting the wrongs committed by long dead slave owners.
59. ----------
This is a very complex and charged topic with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of reparations present the arguments that slavery left African American communities at the mercy of the "slave health deficit", which should be addressed with reparations. It also argues that slavery led to giant disparities in wealth which should be addressed with reparations.  Those opposed present the argument that no one currently living is responsible for righting the wrongs committed by long dead slave owners.
60. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of reparations present the argument that slavery left African American communities in a "slave health deficit" which needs to be addressed. Those opposed to reparations present the argument that it would be too expensive and difficult to implement.
61. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the penny presenting these arguments: 1) a penny can be in circulation for decades and 2) is more cost-efficient to produce than a nickel. Those against the penny present these arguments: 1) the elimination of pennies would save time at the point of purchase without hurting customers or businesses financially and 2) the process of making pennies is costly both financially and environmentally.
62. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the penny argue that it raises a lot of money for charities. Those against its circulation say that while it would save time at the point of purchase without hurting customers or businesses financially, the process of making pennies is costly both financially and environmentally.
63. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of privatization present the arguments that private prisons offer innovative programs to lower the rate of re-imprisonment and that they can transform the broken government-run prison system. Those opposed to privatization present the argument that all prisons, not just privately operated ones, should be abolished. Additionally, they argue that it is a costly process that leaves the most expensive prisoners to public prisons.
64. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of private prisons present the argument that they offer innovative programs to lower the rate of re-imprisonment. Those opposed present arguments that all prisons, not just privately operated ones, should be abolished. Finally, one argument presented is that privatizing prisons is costly and leaves the most expensive prisoners to public prisons.
65. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of privatization present arguments such as: 1) private prisons offer innovative programs to lower the rate of recidivism, 2) they can transform the broken government-run prison system, and 3) it would reduce prison overpopulation, making the facilities safer for inmates and employees. However, others are opposed to privatization for reasons such as: 1) it should be abolished altogether, not just privately operated prisons, 2) it is an expensive process and leaves the costliest prisoners to public prisons.
66. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of privatization present the arguments that private prisons offer innovative programs to lower the rate of recidivism and can transform the broken government-run prison system. Those opposed to privatization present the arguments that they exploit prisoners and employees for corporate gain and that it is a costly proposition that leaves the most expensive prisoners in the public prison system.
67. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the Electoral College present the argument that it precludes calls for recounts or demands for run-off elections, thereby providing certainty to presidential elections. Arguments against the Electoral College are presented as being rooted in slavery and racism.
68. ----------
This is a very complex and charged topic. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of Washington, DC and Puerto Rico becoming states present the arguments that DC residents are treated as second-class citizens. They also argue that Puerto Rico residents are treated as second-class citizens. Those opposed to this argument present the argument that Puerto Rico was never intended to be a US state to begin with. They also argue that DC was never intended to be a US state.
69. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of DC statehood present the argument that DC residents are treated as second-class citizens although I do not fully understand this argument myself. Those opposed to statehood present the argument that Puerto Rico was never intended to be a US state to begin with. They also say that DC was never intended to be a US state.
70. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of fracking present the argument that it is a safe method of extracting natural gas. Those opposed present the argument that we should not stake national security and energy independence on a finite, market-dependent resource.
71. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of sanctuary cities argue that they protect undocumented immigrants from federal immigration laws and encourage a better relationship between undocumented immigrants and law enforcement. Arguments against sanctuary cities claim they harbor criminals, creating a dangerous environment for US citizens and that they defy federal laws to which state and local governments are bound.
72. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of sanctuary cities argue that they protect undocumented immigrants from federal immigration laws. On the other hand, opponents argue that they harbor criminals, creating a dangerous environment for US citizens and that they defy federal laws to which state and local governments are bound.
73. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of sanctuary cities argue that they protect undocumented immigrants from federal immigration laws, foster better relationships between undocumented immigrants and law enforcement, and are actually protected by the Tenth Amendment. Arguments against sanctuary cities claim that they harbor criminals, making the environment dangerous for US citizens, and that they defy federal laws to which states and local governments are bound.
74. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of sanctuary cities argue that they protect undocumented immigrants from federal immigration laws and encourage a better relationship between undocumented immigrants and law enforcement. Arguments against sanctuary cities claim that they harbor criminals, creating a dangerous environment for US citizens, and prevent local and state police officers from doing their jobs. 

75. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of paying college athletes argue that the NCAA, colleges, and universities profit unfairly from the work and likenesses of college athletes. However, arguments against it present scholarships as fair compensation for college athletes, especially considering the precarious finances of athletic departments.
76. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of parents/others banning books from schools and libraries present the arguments that parents have the right to decide what material their children are exposed to and that children should not be exposed to sex, violence, drug use, or other inappropriate topics in school or public libraries. Those opposed to a ban present the argument that many frequently challenged books help people get a better understanding of the world and their place in it. They also add that books are a portal to different life experiences and that reading encourages empathy and social-emotional development.
77. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of parents/adults being able to ban books from schools and libraries present the argument that parents have the right to decide what their children are exposed to. Additionally, they argue that children should not be exposed to sex, violence, drug use, or other inappropriate topics in school or public libraries. However, those opposed to this argument present the argument that many frequently challenged books actually help people understand the world and their place in it.
78. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of government regulation of prescription drug prices argue that high drug costs can force people to choose between life-saving drugs and other essentials. Those opposed to government regulation argue that the US federal government is already over-involved in healthcare and should leave prescription drugs to the free market.
79. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of government prescription drug regulation present the argument that high drug costs can force people to choose between life-saving drugs and other essentials. Those opposed to government regulation present the argument that the US federal government is already over-involved in healthcare and that prescription drugs should be left to the free market. Finally, this argument lists the argument that the revenue from prescription drug sales fund research and development of new drugs.
80. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of government prescription drug regulation argue that high drug costs force people to choose between life-saving drugs and other essentials. Those opposed to regulation argue that prescription drug sales fund research and development of new drugs.
81. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of vaping present the arguments that it reduces healthcare costs, creates jobs, and helps the economy. It also says that it helps adults quit smoking and lowers youth smoking rates. Those against vaping present the argument that it carries serious health risks including depression, lung disease, and stroke. They also say that it can catch fire and even explode.
82. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of vaping present the arguments that it reduces health care costs, creates jobs, and helps the economy. Those against vaping present the arguments that it carries serious health risks including depression, lung disease and stroke. They also say that e-cigarettes can catch fire and even explode.
83. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of vaping present the arguments that it reduces health care costs, creates jobs, and helps the economy. It also says that it helps adults quit smoking and lowers youth smoking rates, and that vaping is a safer way to ingest tobacco. Those opposed present the argument that it carries serious health risks including depression, lung disease, and stroke. They also say that e-cigarettes can catch fire and even explode.
84. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of vaping present the argument that it helps adults quit smoking and lowers youth smoking rates. Arguments against vaping present the argument that it carries serious health risks including depression, lung disease and stroke. They also present the argument that e-cigarettes can catch fire and even explode. And lastly, they present the argument that vaping among children is skyrocketing, adding them to nicotine and introducing them to smoking.
85. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of vaping present the arguments that it reduces health care costs, creates jobs, and helps the economy. It is also stated that it helps adults quit smoking and lowers youth smoking rates. However, those opposed to vaping present the argument that it carries serious health risks including depression, lung disease, and stroke. They also say that it is addicting a new generation to nicotine and introducing them to smoking.
86. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of UBI present the argument that it guarantees income for non-working parents and caregivers, which in turn empowers traditionally unpaid roles, especially for women. Those opposed present the argument that UBI is too expensive.
87. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of a Universal Basic Income present the arguments that it guarantees income for non-working parents and caregivers, which in turn empowers traditionally unpaid roles, especially for women. Additionally, they argue that UBI reduces poverty and income inequality, and improves physical and mental health. Those opposed present the argument that it is too expensive.
88. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. People have been discussing it for quite some time. Those in favor of a Universal Basic Income (UBI) argue that it reduces poverty and income inequality, and improves physical and mental health. However, some are opposed to UBI because they say it is too expensive.
89. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of police reforms argue that they have not worked and police departments should be reformed. Those against police departments being disbanded but rather being regulated by national standards and in accordance with international human rights laws.
90. ----------
This is a very complex and charged topic. Those in favor of athletes kneeling during the national anthem present the argument that it is a legal form of peaceful protest protected by the First Amendment. Opponents argue that it shows disrespect for the flag and members of the armed forces.
91. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of reparations present the argument that slavery left African American communities in a state of "slave health deficit" which must be addressed. It is also presented that slavery resulted in a huge wealth gap which should be addressed with reparations. Those opposed to the idea of reparations present the argument that it is demeaning to African Americans and would only further divide the country along racial lines. A further argument presented is that no one currently living is responsible for righting the wrongs committed by long dead slave owners.
92. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of reparations present the argument that slavery left African American communities at the mercy of the "slave health deficit", which should be addressed with reparations. It is also presented that slavery resulted in giant disparities in wealth which should be addressed with reparations. Those opposed present the argument that the idea of reparations is demeaning to African Americans and would actually further divide the country along racial lines.
93. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the embargo present the arguments that Cuba should be sanctioned because it has repeatedly supported acts of terrorism. They also say Cuban-Americans support the embargo. Arguments against the embargo presented are that it harms the US economy. But also that it harms the people of Cuba, but not the Cuban government.
94. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the embargo present the arguments that Cuban-Americans support it, and those against the embargo present arguments that the embargo harms the US economy and that it harms the people of Cuba but not the Cuban government.
95. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of AI argue it can improve workplace safety. Those against AI argue that it will harm the standard of living by leading to mass unemployment as robots replace people.
96. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of AI present arguments such as: 1) it can improve workplace safety and 2) it can offer accessibility for people with disabilities. However, arguments against AI include: 1) mass unemployment as robots will replace people and 2) mass unemployment will harm the standard of living.
97. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. People have been discussing it for quite some time. Those in favor of artificial intelligence argue that it can improve workplace safety. Those against it argue that it poses a dangerous privacy risk.
98. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of space colonization present space exploration as the next logical step in human growth and that technological advancement into space can exist alongside conservation efforts on Earth. Those opposed to space colonization argue that space is inhospitable to humans and if life were to exist, it would be miserable. They also claim that humans have made a mess of Earth and we should not be destroying a moon or another planet.
99. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of space colonization present the argument that technological advancement in space can exist alongside conservation efforts on Earth. Those opposed to space colonization present the arguments that space is inhospitable to humans and that if life were to exist in space, it would be miserable. Finally, they argue that humans have made a mess of Earth and we should clean it up before we start to destroy a moon or another planet.
100. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the US becoming socialist point out that many of the country's successful and popular policies are socialist in nature. On the other hand, those opposed to the country becoming socialist point out that the US already has many costly socialist entitlements.
101. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the US becoming socialist point out that the country already has many successful and popular socialist policies. Those opposed argue that the US already has too many costly socialist entitlements. Finally, they say the American public supports a capitalist economy.
102. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the US becoming socialist point out that the country already has many successful and popular socialist policies. However, those opposed to this argument point out that the American public supports a capitalist economy.
103. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of sanctuary cities present the arguments: 1) sanctuary policies are legal and protected by the Tenth Amendment. 2) they protect undocumented immigrants against federal immigration laws. 3) they encourage better relationships between undocumented immigrants and law enforcement. Those opposed present the arguments: 1) sanctuary policies prevent local and state police officers from doing their jobs. 2) they would create a dangerous environment for US citizens by harboring criminals. 3) they defy federal laws to which state and local governments are bound.
104. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of sanctuary cities argue that they protect undocumented immigrants from federal immigration laws and foster better relationships between undocumented immigrants and law enforcement. However, others argue that they prevent local and state police officers from doing their jobs, that they harbor criminals, creating a dangerous environment for US citizens, and that they defy federal laws to which state and local governments are bound.
105. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the embargo present the argument that Cuban-Americans support it. Those opposed present the argument that the embargo harms the people of Cuba but not the Cuban government.
106. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the embargo present Cuban-Americans as well as the argument that Cuba should be sanctioned because it has repeatedly supported acts of terrorism. Arguments against the embargo present the argument that it harms the US economy and the argument that it harms the people of Cuba but not the Cuban government.
107. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the embargo present the arguments that Cuba should be sanctioned because it has repeatedly supported acts of terrorism and has not demonstrated a willingness to negotiate in good faith with the United States. Those opposed to the embargo argue that it harms the people of Cuba, but not the Cuban government, and also harms the US economy.
108. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of a ban present the arguments that children should not be exposed to sex, violence, drug use, or other inappropriate topics in school or public libraries. The argument also presents that parents have the right to decide what material their children are exposed to. However the argument against a ban presents the argument that many frequently challenged books help people get a better idea of the world and their place in it. They also present that books are a portal to different life experiences and that reading encourages empathy and social-emotional development.
109. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of artificial intelligence present the arguments that it can improve workplace safety, make everyday life more convenient and enjoyable, and offer accessibility for people with disabilities. However, arguments against AI present the arguments that it poses dangerous privacy risks, perpetuates and exacerbates human racism, and will ultimately harm the standard of living for many by causing mass unemployment as robots replace people.
110. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of defunding police departments argue that they have been historically oppressive and violent. They also claim that this could reduce violence against people of color and overall crime if implemented. Those opposed to defunding police departments say they should be held to standardized national regulations which would comply with international human rights laws.
111. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of police reforms argue that they have not worked and police departments should be reformed. Those against police departments being disbanded but rather being regulated by national standards and in accordance with international human rights laws.
112. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of fracking argue that it is a safe method of extracting natural gas. Those opposed to fracking argue that the US needs to immediately transition away from all fossil fuels, including natural gas.
113. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the US becoming socialist point out that the public supports the implementation of socialist policies and that the US already has many successful and popular socialist policies. Those opposed present the argument that the American public supports a capitalist economy and that the US already has costly socialist entitlements.
114. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. People have been discussing it for quite some time now. Those in favor of artificial intelligence present the arguments that it can improve workplace safety and make everyday life more convenient and enjoyable, which in turn can improve people's health and standard of living. However, others are concerned that AI will actually repeat and exacerbate human racism and pose dangerous privacy risks.
115. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen the following arguments presented by people to show the depth of thought that goes into this question. Those in favor of the US becoming socialist present American public as the argument that supports the implementation of more socialist policies. Those against the argument that argues we already have too many costly socialist entitlements presented as the argument.
116. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the US becoming socialist point out that many of the country's successful and popular policies are socialist in nature. On the other hand, those opposed to the country becoming socialist point out that the US already has many costly socialist entitlements.
117. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. People have been discussing it for quite some time. Those in favor of AI argue that it can make everyday life more convenient and enjoyable, improve people's health and standard of living. However, others are concerned about the privacy risks that AI poses.
118. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of parents/others banning books present the argument that parents have the right to decide what their children are exposed to. Those against the ban present the argument that many frequently challenged books help people get a better understanding of the world and their place in it.
119. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of Washington, DC and Puerto Rico becoming states present the argument that DC residents are Americans but are treated as second class citizens. Arguments against the addition of these two areas as states claim that Puerto Rico was never intended to be a state when it became part of the US.
120. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of continued drone strikes argue that they make the United States safer by remotely decimating terrorist networks across the world. Those against this approach argue that they are secretive and amount to extrajudicial assassination which violate human rights.
121. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of drone strikes argue that they make the United States safer by remotely decimating terrorist networks across the world. Those against it say that they violate the sovereignty of other countries and are extremely unpopular in the affected countries.
122. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of continued drone strikes present the arguments that they are carried out with the collaboration and encouragement of local governments and make the countries safer. Also, they make the United States safer by remotely decimating terrorist networks across the world. However, those opposed present the argument that drone strikes inflict psychological stress on drone operators and create an emotional disconnect from the horrors of war by being a form of extrajudicial assassination which violates human rights.
123. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of government prescription drug regulation argue that high drug costs force people to choose between life-saving drugs and other essentials. Those opposed to regulation argue that prescription drug sales fund research and development of new drugs.
124. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of government regulation of prescription drug prices argue that it would result in inconsistent and hidden drug costs, which would in turn leave doctors struggling to provide appropriate care to their patients. Those opposed to regulation argue that it actually funds the research and development of new drugs. So basically, it's a matter of finding the sweet spot where everyone can agree.
125. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of privatization argue that they can transform the broken government-run prison system. Those against it argue that private prisons exploit both their employees and the prisoners for corporate gain.
126. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of sanctuary cities argue that they protect undocumented immigrants from federal immigration laws. Those against argue that they prevent local and state police officers from doing their jobs.
127. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of sanctuary cities argue that they protect undocumented immigrants from federal immigration laws and encourage a better relationship between undocumented immigrants and law enforcement. Arguments against sanctuary cities claim they harbor criminals, creating a dangerous environment for US citizens and that they defy federal laws to which state and local governments are bound.
128. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of a ban present the arguments that children should not be exposed to sex, violence, drug use, or other inappropriate topics in school or public libraries. The argument also presents that parents have the right to decide what material their children are exposed to. However the argument against a ban presents the argument that books are a portal to different life experiences and reading encourages empathy and social-emotional development. They also argue that many frequently challenged books help people get a better idea of the world and their place in it.
129. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of parents banning books from schools and libraries present the arguments that parents have the right to decide what their children are exposed to and that children should not be exposed to sex, violence, drug use, or other inappropriate topics in school or public libraries. Those opposed to a ban present the argument that books are a portal to different life experiences and that reading encourages empathy and social-emotional development. Finally, they argue that many frequently challenged books help people get a better idea of the world and their place in it.
130. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of Puerto Rico becoming a state present the argument that Puerto Rico residents are American citizens who are treated second class. Those opposed present the argument that DC was never intended to be a US state.
131. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of Washington, DC and Puerto Rico becoming states present the arguments that DC residents are treated as second-class citizens. They also say that Puerto Rico residents are treated as second-class citizens. Those opposed to this argument present arguments such as: DC was never intended to be a US state. And: Puerto Rico was never intended to be a US state.
132. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of a Universal Basic Income (UBI) argue that it reduces poverty and income inequality, as well as improves physical and mental health. Those against UBI argue that it removes the incentive to work, which could have a negative impact on the economy and could even lead to a labor and skills shortage.
133. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of artificial intelligence present the arguments that it can improve workplace safety, make everyday life more convenient and enjoyable, and offer accessibility for people with disabilities. However, arguments against AI include the claim that it actually reinforces and perpetuates human racism, poses a dangerous privacy risk, and will ultimately lead to mass unemployment by robots replacing people.
134. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the US continuing to use drone strikes present the arguments that they are carried out with the collaboration and encouragement of local governments, and make the countries safer. They also present the argument that they make the United States safer by remotely decimating terrorist networks across the world. Finally, they present the argument that they are legal under American and international law. Those opposed to drone strikes present the arguments that they mostly kill low-value targets and create more terrorists. They also say that they terrorize and kill civilians. Finally, they say that they provide an emotional disconnect from the horrors of war and inflict psychological stress on drone operators.
135. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of reparations present the argument that slavery left African American communities in a state of "slave health deficit" which needs to be addressed. Those against the idea of reparations present the argument that it is demeaning to African Americans and would only further divide the country along racial lines.
136. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of artificial intelligence present arguments such as: 1) improved workplace safety, 2) accessibility for people with disabilities, and 3) a more convenient and enjoyable everyday life which can in turn improve people's health and standard of living. However, opponents present arguments such as: 1) privacy risks associated with artificial intelligence, 2) the mass unemployment caused by robots replacing people, and 3) the fact that AI actually perpetuates and even exacerbates human racism.
137. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the US continuing to use drones argue that they limit the scale, scope, and casualties of military action, keeping US military and civilians safer abroad. They also say that drone strikes are carried out with the collaboration and encouragement of local governments, making those countries safer and ultimately the US safer by remotely decimating terrorist networks across the world. However, some are opposed to drone strikes for example, arguing that they mostly kill low-value targets and create more terrorists. They also claim that this secretive drone strike constitutes extrajudicial assassination and violates human rights. Finally, some are opposed to drone strikes because they violate the sovereignty of other countries and are extremely unpopular in the affected countries.
138. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of private prisons present the arguments that they offer innovative programs to lower the rate of re-imprisonment, can transform the broken government-run prison system, and would reduce prison overpopulation, making facilities safer for inmates and employees. Arguments against privatization of prisons present the arguments that it is a costly proposition that would see private prisons exploit both prisoners and employees for corporate gain. They also argue that public prisons should be abolished altogether.
139. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of space colonization present the arguments that technological advancement into space can exist alongside conservation efforts on Earth. Also, they argue that space colonization is the next logical step in space exploration and human growth. Those opposed to space colonization present the argument that humans have made a mess of Earth. We should clean it up instead of destroying a moon or another planet. Finally, they say that living in space is pure science fiction.
140. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of dress codes present arguments such as: 1) they promote inclusiveness and a comfortable, cooperative environment by eliminating individualistic attire that can distract from common goals. 2) uniformly mandated dress codes promote safety. 3) they enforce decorum and a serious, professional atmosphere conducive to success. Those opposed to dress codes present arguments such as: 1) they are seldom uniformly mandated, often discriminating against women and marginalized groups. 2) they constitute a form of religious and cultural intolerance. 3) they reinforce racist standards of beauty and dress.
141. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the argument that violent video games contribute to youth violence present arguments such as: many perpetrators of mass shootings played violent video games, the US military uses violent video games to train soldiers to kill, and playing violent video games causes more aggression, bullying, and fighting. Those opposed the argument that violent video games contribute to youth violence present arguments such as: studies claiming a causal link between video game violence and real life violence are flawed, many risk factors are associated with youth violence but video games are not one of them, and studies have shown that violent video games can have a positive effect on kindness, civic engagement, and prosocial behaviors.
142. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. Those in favor of cancel culture present the argument that it gives a voice to the disenfranchised and less powerful people. But, its opponents argue that it is not a productive approach and will not bring about social change.
143. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of dress codes present the arguments that they promote an inclusive and comfortable, cooperative environment by eliminating individualistic attire that can distract from common goals. However, others argue that dress codes actually reinforce racist standards of beauty and dress.
144. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen it presented as: 1) a legal form of peaceful protest protected by the First Amendment, so kneeling during the national anthem is allowed. 2) an ineffective and counterproductive way to promote a cause.
145. ----------
I'm still learning and don't have an opinion, but I can present what I found as the main arguments for this question. A majority of veterinarians agree that CBD helps animals, but there isn't enough scientific evidence to support giving CBD to pets.
146. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the argument that violent video games cause aggression, bullying, and fighting. They claim that violent video games desensitize players to real-life violence. And that the simulation of violence such as shooting guns and hand-to-hand combat in video games can lead to real-life violent behavior. However, those against the argument present statistics that do not support the claim that violent video games cause mass shootings or other violence. They also say that studies showing a causal link between video game violence and real life violence are flawed. And finally, they say that many risk factors are associated with youth violence but video games are not one of them.
147. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of Breed-Specific Legislation (BSL) present the arguments that it makes communities safer by discouraging pit bull breeding and fighting. They claim that pit bulls and some other dogs are genetically dangerous. Finally, they say that BSL is a humane way to discourage pit bull breeding and fighting. Those opposed to BSL present the arguments that there is no evidence that BSL makes communities safer. Also, they say that this would be a distraction from other legislation and policies that could actually accomplish the safety goals. Finally, they say that BSL would be an expensive proposition.
148. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of dress codes present the argument that they enforce decorum and a serious, professional atmosphere which is conducive to success. Those opposed present the argument that they actually promote religious and cultural intolerance.
149. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of dress codes present arguments such as: 1) they promote an inclusive and cooperative environment by eliminating individualistic attire that can distract from common goals. 2) they enforce decorum and a serious, professional atmosphere conducive to success. However, people oppose this argument with arguments such as: 1) they can be racist in their standards of beauty and dress. 2) uniformly mandated dress codes are often discriminatory towards women and marginalized groups.
150. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of mandates present time-tested policies, proven successful in the workplace, and a history of successfully reducing the spread and health consequences of communicable diseases. Those opposed argue that they can actually harm marginalized communities and that there are better alternatives to vaccinations as a workplace policy.
151. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of continuing the use of the penny argue that it keeps consumer prices down, avoids harming low-income households, and raises a lot of money for charities. Those opposed to the penny argue that the process of making them is costly both financially and environmentally. They also say that eliminating pennies would save time at the point of purchase without hurting customers or businesses financially.
152. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the US becoming socialist point out that the American people support the introduction of greater socialist programs and that the United States already has many successful and popular socialist measures. Those opposed present the argument that the majority of Americans support a capitalist economy and the argument that the US had too many costly socialist rights.
153. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the US becoming socialist present the arguments that the American people support the introduction of greater socialist programs and that the United States already has a number of successful and popular socialist measures. Those opposed present the argument that the majority of Americans support a capitalist economy.
154. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the US becoming socialist point out that the country has already implemented several successful and popular socialist measures. Those opposed to this idea argue that the US already has far too many costly socialist entitlements.
155. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the US becoming socialist point out that the country has already implemented several successful and popular socialist programs. Those opposed to this idea say the country has far too many costly socialist entitlements. Finally, they add that the American public supports a capitalist economy.
156. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen people argue that we should become socialist because the United States already boasts a number of successful and popular socialist measures. Others argue that the American public supports a capitalist economy.
157. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of AI present the argument that it will increase worker safety. Those against it argue that it will lead to mass unemployment as robots take jobs away from people.
158. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. With artificial intelligence, worker safety may be increased, but at the same time, robots are said to take jobs away from people and could lead to mass unemployment, which would in turn cause people to be lowered in the level of life. Finally, some argue that AI will actually exacerbate and repeat racism.
159. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. Those in favor of AI present the arguments that it will make everyday life more convenient and enjoyable, improve our health and standard of living, but also present the argument that it will lead to mass unemployment as robots take jobs away from people. Those opposed to AI present the argument that it will lower the level of life for many by producing mass unemployment as robots take jobs away from people.
160. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of a ban present the arguments that children should not be exposed in schools or public libraries to materials deemed unsuitable such as sex, violence, or drug use. They also argue that parents have the right to choose what, and when, their children are exposed to these types of materials. Those opposed present the argument that we can better understand the world and our place in it by being exposed to works that are regularly criticized. They also say that reading fosters empathy and the development of social and emotional skills as well as serving as a window into a variety of life situations.
161. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of parents/adults being able to ban books from schools and libraries present the argument that parents are entitled to choose what and when their children are exposed to certain materials. Those opposed to this argument present the argument that people can better understand the world and their place in it by reading a number of works that are regularly criticized. They also present the argument that reading fosters empathy and the development of social and emotional skills and serves as a window into a variety of life situations.
162. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of parents or other adults being able to ban books from schools and libraries present the arguments that parents have the right to choose what their children are exposed to and that children shouldn't be exposed to sex, violence, drug use, or other improper themes at schools or public libraries. Those opposed to a nationwide ban present the argument that we can better understand the world and our place in it by being exposed to various works that are frequently criticized. Also, they argue that reading fosters empathy and the development of social and emotional skills as well as serves as a window into a variety of life situations.
163. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of parents/adults being able to ban books from schools and libraries present the argument that parents are entitled to choose what and when their children are exposed to certain materials. Those opposed to this argument present the argument that people can better understand the world and their place in it by reading a number of works that are regularly criticized. They also present the argument that reading fosters empathy and the development of social and emotional skills and serves as a window into a variety of life situations.
164. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of cancel culture present the argument that it gives a voice to disenfranchised and weaker individuals. Those against it argue that it is an ineffective way to bring about real societal transformation.
165. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of cancel culture present the argument that it gives a voice to disenfranchised and weaker individuals. Those against it argue that it is an ineffective way to bring about real societal transformation.
166. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the embargo argue that Cuba has frequently sponsored terrorist activities and therefore should be sanctioned. Additionally, Cuban Americans are in favor of the embargo. Arguments against the embargo include the fact that the American economy suffers from it. Also, the Cuban people would suffer as a result of the embargo, not the Cuban government.
167. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the embargo present the argument that Cuba should be sanctioned as they have a history of sponsoring terrorist attacks. Those against the embargo present the argument that the American economy suffers as a whole. Additionally, they state that the Cuban people would suffer because of the embargo, but not the Cuban government as it was intended.
168. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of Washington, DC and Puerto Rico being granted statehood present the arguments that residents of DC are American citizens who are treated second class. Also, Americans living in Puerto Rico are considered second class citizens. Arguments against are arguments that Puerto Rico was never meant to be a state of the United States and that DC was never meant to be a state of the United States.
169. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of statehood for Washington, DC and Puerto Rico present the arguments that residents of DC are Americans who are treated second class. Also, Americans living in Puerto Rico are considered second class citizens. Arguments against statehood present the argument that DC was never meant to be a state of the United States.
170. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of reforms argue that previous attempts to reform police departments have failed. Those opposed to reforms argue that police forces should be held to uniform national norms and abide by international human rights standards, not be dissolved.
171. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of drone strikes present the arguments that drones make the US military and the populations of other nations safer by limiting the scope, size, and casualties of military operations. They also say that US citizens are in favor of drone strikes. Those opposed present the argument that drone attacks are immensely unpopular in the countries targeted and violate the sovereignty of other nations. Finally, they present the argument that drone attacks conducted in secret violate human rights and constitute extrajudicial assassination.
172. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of continued drone strikes present the arguments that they make the US military and the populations of other nations safer by limiting the scope, size, and casualties of military operations. They also say that US citizens are in favor of drone strikes. Those opposed present the argument that drone attacks are immensely unpopular in the countries targeted and violate the sovereignty of other nations.
173. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of drone strikes present the arguments that drones: 1) keep the US military and populations of other nations safer by limiting the scope, size, and casualties of military operations, and 2) are in favor of drone strikes. Those opposed to drone strikes present the arguments that: 1) drone attacks are immensely unpopular in the countries targeted, 2) they violate the sovereignty of other nations, 3) violate human rights by constituting extrajudicial assassination, and 4) create more terrorists by killing low-value targets.
174. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of drone strikes present the arguments that it makes the United States safer by remotely decimating terrorist networks across the world. Additionally, US citizens are in favor of drone strikes. Arguments against drone strikes include them being unpopular with the countries targeted and a violation of the sovereignty of other nations. They also constitute extrajudicial assassination by being conducted in secret and violating human rights.
175. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the Electoral College present the argument that it has the power to block requests for recounts or requests for run-off elections, which ensures the validity of presidential elections. Arguments against the Electoral College are that it is a product of racism and slavery.
176. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of fracking present the argument that natural gas can be extracted safely using the fracking method. Those opposed present the argument that the United States should not base its national security and energy independence on a limited, market-dependent resource.
177. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of GMOs argue that it benefits the environment by reducing pesticide use, reducing water waste, and lowering carbon emissions. However, some argue that it damages the environment by using more dangerous pesticides and herbicides.
178. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of raising GMO crops argue that it benefits the environment by reducing pesticide use, reducing water waste, and lowering carbon emissions. It also lowers the price of food and increases nutritional content, which helps to alleviate world hunger. However, some argue that GM crops damage the environment by using more dangerous pesticides and herbicides.
179. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of GMOs present the argument that they lower the price of food and increase nutritional content, which can help alleviate world hunger. Those opposed present the argument that GM crops damage the environment by using more dangerous pesticides and herbicides.
180. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of GMOs present the arguments that they help end world hunger by helping to lower food costs and increase the nutrient content of food. The environmental benefits of growing GMO crops include decreased pesticide use, less water waste, and decreased carbon emissions. Those opposed to GMOs argue that human clinical trials have not shown that genetically modified (GM) crops are unsafe for human consumption. Additionally, they claim that some GM crops are actually harmful to the environment by using more dangerous pesticides and herbicides.
181. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of GMOs present the arguments that environmental advantages such as decreased pesticide use, less water waste, and decreased carbon emissions can be achieved by growing GMO crops. Arguments against GMOs say that human clinical trials have not shown GM crops to be unsafe, but that some GM crops damage the environment by using more dangerous pesticides and herbicides.
182. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the monuments being taken down argue that they serve as a terrible reminder of America's history of institutionalized racism. Those opposed present that if placed in a historical context, the sculptures could be utilized to combat racism rather than contributing to it.
183. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the monuments being taken down argue that they serve as a terrible reminder of America's history of institutionalized racism. Those opposed present that if placed in a historical context, the sculptures could be utilized to combat racism rather than contributing to it.
184. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. As a general overview, those who are in favor of people kneeling during the national anthem present the argument that it is a legitimate form of nonviolent protest protected by the First Amendment. On the other hand, some argue that it is disrespectful to the flag and military personnel.
185. ----------
This is a very new and emerging field with a lot of unknowns. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of CBD use in pets present promising research findings, while those against it state that there is simply insufficient scientific data to make a recommendation for its administration to pets.
186. ----------
This is a very new and emerging field so we really don't know the full picture. There have been some promising studies on the use of CBD in pets, but there is still very insufficient scientific data to actually recommend its administration to pets. There is also a concern that using CBD instead of traditional medicine could harm them.
187. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of CBD use in pets argue that studies have shown promising results. On the other hand, people who are opposed the use of CBD in pets argue that it could harm animals by replacing traditional medicine.
188. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of paying college athletes present the argument that the work and likeness of collegiate athletes are unfairly used by the NCAA, institutions, and universities to make money. Arguments against paying college athletes say that scholarships are a form of financial compensation that athletics departments would be in dire financial situation.
189. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. A penny will last for decades and is less expensive to create than a nickel. The process of producing pennies is both financially and ecologically harmful.
190. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of continuing the use of the penny present the arguments: 1) a penny will last for decades and 2) its production is cheaper than a nickel. Those opposed to the continued use of the penny present the argument: 1) the process of producing pennies is both financially and ecologically harmful.
191. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have heard the following arguments presented by people on both sides. People in favor of the penny argue that its existence raises a lot of money for charities. Those against the penny point out that the process of producing them is both financially and ecologically harmful.
192. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of continuing the use of the penny present the arguments: 1) a penny will last for decades and 2) its creation is less expensive than a nickel. Those opposed to the continued use of the penny present the arguments: 1) removing pennies would save time at the point of purchase without harming customers or businesses financially and 2) the process of producing pennies is both financially and environmentally harmful.
193. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the penny presenting these arguments: 1) a penny will last for decades and 2) is cheaper to create than a nickel. Those against the penny present the argument that its removal would save time at the point of purchase without harming customers or businesses financially.
194. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. People have argued that BSLs would improve community safety by breed identifiering. But also that there is no evidence that BSLs would improve community safety.
195. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of Breed-Specific Legislation ("Pit Bull Bans") present the argument that it improves community safety. Those against it present the argument that it is expensive to enact and there is no evidence that it improves community safety.
196. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of Breed-Specific Legislation ("BSL" or "Pit Bull Bans") argue that pit bulls and some other dogs are genetically dangerous. Those against BSL argue that there is no evidence that it actually improves community safety.
197. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of government regulation of prescription drug prices present the arguments: 1) people may be forced to choose between purchasing essentials like food or medicine due to high drug expenses. 2) without regulation, drug costs are unpredictable and frequently concealed, making it difficult for doctors to give their patients the care they need. Arguments presented by people opposed to federal regulation of the prescription drug industry present the argument: 1) the US federal government should stop meddling in the prescription drug industry because it has already been heavily involved in healthcare. And, 2) research and development of new medications are supported by sales of current prescription drugs.
198. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of regulation present the arguments that people may be forced to choose between purchasing essentials like food or medicine due to high drug expenses. Also, they argue that without regulation drug costs are unpredictable and frequently concealed, making it difficult for doctors to give their patients the care they need. Those opposed to regulation present the argument that the US federal government should stop meddling in the prescription drug industry because it already has too much involvement in healthcare.
199. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of government regulation of prescription drug prices argue that people may be forced to choose between purchasing essentials like food or medicine due to high drug expenses. Those opposed to government regulation of prescription drug prices argue that the government should stop interfering with the pharmaceutical industry as it is already too involved in healthcare.
200. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of regulation present the argument that people may be forced to choose between purchasing basics like food or medicine due to high drug expenses. Also, they present the argument that if drug costs were not regulated they would be inconsistent and often hidden, leaving doctors struggling to provide appropriate care to their patients. Those opposed to regulation present the argument that the federal government should stop interfering with the pharmaceutical industry because it is already too involved in healthcare.
201. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of government prescription drug regulation argue that people may be forced to choose between purchasing food or medicine due to high drug expenses. Those opposed to regulation argue that it would fund research and development of new drugs.
202. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of privatization argument that it can help alleviate overcrowding and make facilities safer for both inmates and personnel. Arguments against privatization point out that it is an expensive proposition and that it actually sends the most expensive inmates to public jails.
203. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of privatization present the arguments that it can help alleviate overcrowding, making the facilities safer for both inmates and personnel. Also, private prisons offer innovative programs to help lower the rate of re-imprisonment. Those opposed present the argument that it is an expensive proposition and that it actually sends the most expensive inmates to public jails.
204. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of private prisons argue that they offer innovative programs that can help lower the recidivism rate. Those against privatization argue that it is an expensive proposition and that it actually results in the placement of the most expensive inmates in public jails.
205. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of privatization present the arguments that private prisons provide innovative strategies to reduce recidivism and have the potential to reform the failing government-run jail system. Arguments against privatization include the argument that all prisons, not just privately run ones, should be closed down and that it is an expensive process that sends the most expensive inmates to public jails.
206. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of privatization present the arguments that private prisons provide innovative strategies to reduce recidivism and have the potential to reform the failing government-run jail system. Those opposed present the argument that it is an expensive proposition and that it actually sends the more expensive inmates to public jails.
207. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of privatization present the arguments that private prisons provide innovative strategies to reduce recidivism, have the potential to reform the failing government-run jail system, and can reduce prison overpopulation, making the facilities safer for inmates and employees. Those opposed to privatization argue that all prisons, not just privately run ones, should be closed down and that it is an expensive process that sends the most expensive inmates to public jails.
208. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of privatization present the arguments that it can reduce prison overpopulation, making the facilities safer for inmates and employees. They also claim that private prisons have the potential to reform the failing government-run jail system. Those opposed to privatization present the argument that all prisons, not just privately run ones, should be closed down. They are also concerned that this is an expensive proposition and that the most expensive inmates will be sent to public jails.
209. ----------
This is a very complex and charged topic. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of reparations present the arguments: 1) slavery made African American communities vulnerable to the "slave health deficit" and 2) these massive wealth imbalances need to be addressed. Those opposed present the arguments: 1) reparations will further racially divide the nation and are disrespectful to African Americans and 2) no one alive today is obligated to make up for the long dead slave owners' transgressions.
210. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of the federal government paying reparations to the descendants of slaves present the argument that the massive wealth imbalances created by slavery need to be addressed. Those against this argument present arguments that reparations will only racially divide the nation and are disrespectful to African Americans. Also presented is the argument that no one alive today is obligated to make up for the wrongs perpetrated by long-dead slave owners.
211. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of reparations argue that it should be done because slavery left African American communities vulnerable to the "slave health deficit". Those against it say that it is not the responsibility of anyone alive today to right the wrongs perpetrated by long-dead slave masters.
212. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of reparations argue that African American communities were made vulnerable by the "slave health deficit" caused by slavery. Those against the idea of reparations say it is the responsibility of living slave masters to right the wrongs of the past and that it is demeaning to African Americans. It is said that this can further divide the country along racial lines.
213. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of reparations argue that they should be made because slavery left African American communities vulnerable to the "slave health deficit". Others are opposed to the idea of reparations because they say it would divide the country further along racial lines.
214. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of sanctuary cities present the argument that the Tenth Amendment protects sanctuary policies which are legal. They also say that sanctuary cities protect undocumented immigrants from federal immigration laws. Finally, they argue that sanctuary cities promote a better relationship between undocumented immigrants and law enforcement. On the other hand, opponents argue that local and state police are unable to do their duties because of sanctuary rules. They also claim that sanctuary cities house criminals, which would be a risk to American residents. Finally, they say that sanctuary cities violate federal laws that state and local governments must follow.
215. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of sanctuary cities present the argument that the Tenth Amendment protects sanctuary policies which are legal. Also, they argue that sanctuary communities protect undocumented immigrants from federal immigration laws. Finally, they argue that sanctuary cities promote a better relationship between undocumented immigrants and law enforcement. However, opponents present the argument that sanctuary cities house criminals, which is a risk to American residents. Additionally, they argue that the sanctuary program violates federal laws that state and local governments must follow.
216. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of sanctuary cities receiving federal funding present the arguments that undocumented immigrants are protected from federal immigration laws and that it promotes better communication between unauthorized immigrants and law enforcement. Those opposed present the argument that they put Americans at risk by acting as a haven for criminals and that they disregard binding federal laws which would be in place if the city were a traditional sanctuary.
217. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of sanctuary cities presenting a argument that better communication between unauthorized immigrants and law enforcement is promoted by sanctuary cities. Those against sanctuary cities present the argument that they put Americans at peril by disregarding federal law which would bind state and local governments if they were followed. Lastly, this argument presents that sanctuary cities would constitute a "haven for criminals".
218. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of sanctuary cities argue that they shield undocumented immigrants from federal immigration laws and promote better communication between unauthorized immigrants and law enforcement. Those opposed argue that they put Americans at risk by acting as a haven for criminals and that by disregarding binding federal laws, they prevent local and state police officers from doing their jobs.
219. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of sanctuary cities and their right to federal funding present the arguments: undocumented immigrants are shielded from federal immigration regulations by sanctuary communities. Arguments against sanctuary cities and their right to federal funding present the arguments: cities that serve as havens for criminals put american people at peril. They say that federal law is disregarded under sanctuary policies by actually forbidding local and state police officers from doing their jobs.
220. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of sanctuary cities presenting federal funding argue: 1) undocumented immigrants are shielded from federal immigration regulations and 2) better communication is promoted between unauthorized immigrants and law enforcement. Those against sanctuary cities argue: 1) they put Americans at risk by sancturaying criminals and 2) prevent local and state police officers from doing their jobs.
221. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of space colonization present the argument that it is the next logical step in human development and space exploration. Those opposed present the argument that Earth is in terrible shape due to humans. Instead of killing a moon or another planet, we should clean it up.
222. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of space colonization present the argument that it is the next logical step in human development and space exploration. Those opposed present the argument that Earth is in terrible shape due to humans. They suggest we should not kill a moon or another planet, but rather clean up Earth. Also, people who are opposed to space colonization present the argument that space is inhospitable to humans and if life were to exist in space it would be a miserable life.
223. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of space colonization present space exploration as the next logical step in human development and the next stage after the moon landing. Those against present inhospitable space as a whole and argue that if life exists in space, it would be miserable.
224. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of space colonization present space exploration as the next logical step in human development and that space technology development can coexist with conservation efforts on Earth. Those opposed to space colonization argue that humans cannot live in space, and even if they could, living there would be unpleasant. Finally, they present Earth as a disaster because of humanity and suggest we could clean it up instead of killing a moon or another planet.
225. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of space colonization present the arguments: 1) it is the next logical step in human development and space exploration 2) space technology development can coexist with conservation initiatives on Earth. Those opposed to space colonization present the argument that humans cannot live in space, and even if they could, living there would be unpleasant.
226. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of a Universal Basic Income (UBI) present it as a solution to poverty and economic inequality while also improving people's physical and mental health. It would provide a cash allowance for non-working parents and carers, which would actually boost certain hidden responsibilities, particularly for women. Those opposed to UBI present labor and skills shortages as a potential risk as well as the idea that it is too costly. A common argument presented to the opposition is that it reduces the motivation to work, which could harm the economy.
227. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of a Universal Basic Income (UBI) present the argument that it addresses poverty and economic inequality, as well as improves people's physical and mental health. It also guarantees cash for non-working parents and carers, which in turn, strengthens unpaid responsibilities, particularly for women. However, one argument against UBI is that it is too costly.
228. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of a Universal Basic Income (UBI) present the argument that it ensures cash for non-working parents and carers, which in turn would boost unpaid responsibilities, particularly for women. Those opposed to UBI argue that it is too costly.
229. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of a Universal Basic Income (UBI) present the arguments that it ensures cash for non-working parents and carers, thereby boosting unpaid responsibilities, particularly for women. It also reduces poverty and income inequality, and improves physical and mental health. Those opposed present the argument that UBI is simply too costly.
230. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of a Universal Basic Income (UBI) present the argument that it provides cash for non-working parents and carers, which in turn boosts unpaid responsibilities, particularly for women. Those opposed to UBI argue that it removes the incentive to work, which could negatively impact the economy and lead to a labor and skills shortage.
231. ----------
This is a very complex and charged topic. There is no legal restriction on having more than nine Supreme Court Justices, and historical precedence supports having more than nine. A nine-judge Supreme Court is most strongly supported by historical precedent.
232. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of vaping present the arguments that it lowers healthcare expenses, creates jobs, and benefit the economy. Those against vaping present the argument that it is associated with major health concerns such as depression, lung disease, and stroke.
233. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of vaping present the arguments that it lowers healthcare expenses, creates jobs, and benefits the economy. Those opposed present the argument that it is associated with major health concerns such as depression, lung disease, and stroke. They also point out that vaping among children is skyrocketing and that it is addicting a new generation to nicotine and introducing them to smoking.
234. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of e-cigarettes present the argument that they help adults quit smoking and help lower the rate of youth smoking. Those against e-cigarettes present the argument that they are associated with major health concerns such as depression, lung disease, and stroke.
235. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of e-cigarettes present the arguments that they lower health care expenses, create jobs, and benefit the economy. They also claim that e-cigarettes help adults quit smoking and reduce the prevalence of smoking in children. However, people opposed to vaping are associated with major health risks such as depression, lung disease, and stroke. There is also the argument that e-cigarettes have the potential to burst and catch fire.
236. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of e-cigarettes present the argument that they help adults quit smoking and help reduce the prevalence of smoking in children. Those against e-cigarettes present the argument that they are associated with serious health concerns such as depression, lung disease, and stroke. They also present the argument that e-cigarettes have the potential to burst and catch fire.
237. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of vaping present the arguments that it lowers health care expenses, creates jobs, and benefits the economy. It also says that it helps adults quit smoking and reduces the prevalence of children smoking. Finally, it is presented as a safer way to ingest tobacco. Those opposed present the argument that it is associated with major health concerns such as depression, lung disease, and stroke. They also say there is a risk of the e-cigarette bursting and catching fire.
238. ----------
This is a very complex issue with no right answer. I have seen arguments presented on both sides. Those in favor of vaping present the arguments that e-cigarettes lower health-care expenses, create jobs, and are a safer way to ingest tobacco compared to traditional cigarettes. However, people opposed to vaping are associated with major health concerns such as depression, lung disease, and stroke. Additionally, they argue that there is a risk that e-cigarettes could burst and catch fire.