
0. ----------
The touchscreen X button to disable the display of the TrailCam view is made available ONLY when the vehicle is not in REVERSE. 

1. ----------
The gross trailer weight (GTW) is the weight of the trailer plus the weight of all cargo, consumables and equipment (permanent or temporary) loaded in or on the trailer in its "loaded and ready for operation" condition.  

2. ----------
The tool kit is provided with your vehicle located in the center console. 

3. ----------
Use the intermittent wiper when weather conditions make a single wiping cycle, with a variable pause between cycles, desirable. 

4. ----------
The Hazard Warning Flashers button is located on the instrument panel below the climate controls.  Push the button to turn on the Hazard Warning Flashers.  When the button is activated, all directional turn signals will flash on and off to warn oncoming traffic of an emergency. 

5. ----------
The recommended replacement battery is CR2450.  Remove the back cover of the key fob by inserting a flat-blade screwdriver into the slot on the bottom of the fob.  Apply light pressure until the cover unsnaps being careful not to damage the seal.  Proceed counterclockwise (in the order shown in the following image) to loosen the remaining snaps until the battery cover can be removed. 

6. ----------
When cleaning the lenses, care must be taken to avoid scratching the plastic.  

7. ----------
The OBD II system may not be ready if your vehicle was recently serviced, recently had a depleted battery or a battery replacement.  If your obd ii system is not ready, you should see an authorized dealer or repair facility.  

8. ----------
Push ignition switch twice without your foot on brake to put vehicle in RUN position. 

9. ----------
CAUTION: Do not use sling type equipment when towing.  

10. ----------
The system will go into STOP/START READY and if all other conditions are met, can go into an STOP/START AUTOSTOP ACTIVE mode. 

11. ----------
The “Brief” setting provides a shortened audio description from the system. 

12. ----------
If the temperature is 41°F (5°C) or below, do not attempt to put the top down or roll the rear or side curtains. 

13. ----------
The Driver Assist menu displays the status of the ACC system. 

14. ----------
This light will flash at a fast rate for approximately 15 seconds when the vehicle security system is arming, and then will flash slowly until the vehicle is disarmed. 

15. ----------
Depending on what you are in contact with, jack the vehicle up and place a few rocks under the tires so the weight is off of the high point when you let the vehicle down. 

16. ----------
Place the ignition switch into the ON/RUN position.  Push and hold the two outside HomeLink® buttons (I and III) for up to 20 seconds, or until the HomeLink® indicator light flashes. 

17. ----------
The vehicle should be serviced if the light stays on through several typical driving styles. 

18. ----------
Rotating the dimmer control upward will increase the brightness of the instrument panel lights and adjust the interior and ambient light levels (e.g.  courtesy lights in the footwell, illuminated cupholders, and front door handles). 

19. ----------
Wind buffeting can be described as the perception of pressure on the ears or a helicopter-type sound in the ears. 

20. ----------
The voltmeter may show a gauge fluctuation at various engine temperatures. 

21. ----------
To increase the distance setting, push the Distance Increase button and release.  Each time the button is pushed, the distance setting increases by one bar (longer).  To decrease the distance setting, push the Distance Decrease button and release.  Each time the button is pushed, the distance setting decreases by one bar (shorter). 

22. ----------
This is an emergency warning system and it should not be used when the vehicle is in motion.  Use only when your vehicle is disabled or creating a safety hazard warning for other motorists. 

23. ----------
Rotate the headlight switch clockwise to the first detent for parking lights and instrument panel light operation. 

24. ----------
The ParkView Rear Back Up Camera allows you to see an on-screen image of the rear surroundings of your vehicle whenever the gear selector is in REVERSE.  The image will be displayed in the touchscreen display along with a caution note to “Check Entire Surroundings” across the top of the screen. 

25. ----------
Without pushing the brake pedal, place the ignition in the ON/RUN position (do not start the engine).  Fully press the accelerator pedal, slowly, three times within ten seconds. 

26. ----------
If equipped, the Locking Storage Bin is located below the rear seats.  It can be accessed by folding the rear seat bottom upward into the Stadium Position. 

27. ----------
Push the lock button on the interior power door lock switch with the driver and/or passenger door open. 

28. ----------
Your complete attention is always required while driving to maintain safe control of your vehicle. 

29. ----------
The Air Bag Warning Light will turn on for four to eight seconds as a bulb check when the ignition switch is first placed in the ON/RUN position. 

30. ----------
Use only tow bars and other equipment designed for this purpose, following equipment manufacturer’s instructions.  Attach a tow bar or other towing device to main structural members of the vehicle, not to fascia/bumpers or associated brackets.  

31. ----------
This range disengages both the front and rear driveshafts from the powertrain. 

32. ----------
A new engine may consume some oil during its first few thousand miles (kilometers) of operation. 

33. ----------
The MIL light may illuminate when the ignition is in the ON/RUN position before engine start, or after engine start if certain conditions occur, such as a loose or missing gas cap, poor quality fuel, etc.  The MIL may flash to alert serious conditions that could lead to immediate loss of power or severe catalytic converter damage. 

34. ----------
This system allows greater front suspension travel in off-road situations. 

35. ----------
The engine will not stop: the vehicle is on a steep grade, the cabin heating or cooling is in process and an acceptable cabin temperature has not been achieved.  

36. ----------
The heated steering wheel button is located on the center of the instrument panel below the radio screen, and within the Climate or Controls screen of the touchscreen.  Press the heated steering wheel button once to turn the heating element on.  Press the heated steering wheel button a second time to turn the heating element off. 

37. ----------
The GAWR is the maximum permissible load on the front and rear axles. 

38. ----------
You have 10 seconds after pushing the SOS Call button to cancel the call.  To cancel the call, either push the SOS Call button again, or press the Cancel button on the in-vehicle touchscreen. 

39. ----------
The TW is the downward force exerted on the hitch ball by the trailer.  You must consider this as part of the load on your vehicle. 

40. ----------
If the ESC Indicator Light comes on continuously with the engine running, a malfunction has been detected in the ESC system. 

41. ----------
Use of these blends may result in starting and drivability problems, damage critical fuel system components, cause emissions to exceed the applicable standard, and/or cause the Malfunction Indicator Light to illuminate. 

42. ----------
ERM can only reduce the chance of wheel lift occurring during severe or evasive driving maneuvers; it cannot prevent wheel lift due to other factors, such as road conditions, leaving the roadway, striking objects or other vehicles. 

43. ----------
Wash wheels with the same soap solution recommended for the body of the vehicle and remember to always wash when the surfaces are not hot to the touch.  Use a soft cloth or sponge and mild soap to wipe away promptly.  Do not use harsh chemicals or a stiff brush.  

44. ----------
Owner's Manuals These Owner's Manuals have been prepared with the assistance of service and engineering specialists to acquaint you with specific FCA vehicles. 

45. ----------
If the MIL is illuminated during normal vehicle operation you should have your vehicle serviced before going to the I/M station. 

46. ----------
The mirror should be adjusted to center on the view through the rear window.  Headlight glare from vehicles behind you can be reduced by moving the small control under the mirror to the night position (toward the rear of the vehicle).  

47. ----------
Android Auto™ is a feature of your Uconnect system, and your Android™ 6.0 or higher powered smartphone with a data plan, that allows you to project your smartphone and a number of its apps onto the touchscreen radio display. 

48. ----------
Check the straps frequently to be sure that the load remains securely attached. 

49. ----------
To use Android Auto™, download the Android Auto™ app from the Google Play store on your Android™-powered smartphone.  Connect your Android™-powered smartphone to one of the media USB ports in your vehicle.  Your vehicle should be in PARK the first time you use the app. 

50. ----------
The TSC is a telescoping link that can be installed between the hitch receiver and the trailer tongue. 

51. ----------
The TSC is a telescoping link that can be installed between the hitch receiver and the trailer tongue. 

52. ----------
Rotating the dimmer control will also adjust the interior and ambient light levels (e.g.  courtesy lights in the footwell, illuminated cupholders, and front door handles). 

53. ----------
To use the mid position, open the tailgate and lower it to near mid position.  Secure the tailgate in this position by looping the tailgate straps behind the circular retainer on both sides. 

54. ----------
For the recommended viscosity and quality grades see.  The engine oil installed in the engine at the factory is a high-quality energy conserving type lubricant. 

55. ----------
You have 10 seconds after pushing the SOS Call button to cancel the call.  To cancel the call, either push the SOS Call button again, or press the Cancel button on the in-vehicle touchscreen. 

56. ----------
This range provides low speed four-wheel drive.  It maximizes torque to the front driveshaft, forcing the front and rear wheels to rotate at the same speed. 

57. ----------
A tool kit is provided with your vehicle located in the center console. 

58. ----------
To stop the window from going all the way down during the Auto-Down operation, pull up on the switch briefly. 

59. ----------
If the temperature is below 72°F (24°C) and/or the top has been folded down for a period of time, the top will appear to have shrunk when you raise it, making it difficult to put up. 

60. ----------
The instrument cluster display will read "Adaptive Cruise Control Ready" when ACC is activated but the vehicle speed setting has not been selected. 

61. ----------
Cargo must be securely tied down before driving.  Improperly secured loads can fly off the vehicle, particularly at high speeds, resulting in personal injury or property damage. 

62. ----------
ACC will not react in situations where the vehicle you are following exits your lane and the vehicle ahead is stopped in your lane. 

63. ----------
The Vehicle Security system monitors the vehicle doors for unauthorized entry. 

64. ----------
If a diesel engine runs out of fuel, air is pulled into the fuel system. 

65. ----------
Using leaded gasoline can impair engine performance and damage the emissions control system.  An out-of-tune engine, certain fuel or ignition malfunctions can cause the catalytic converter to overheat. 

66. ----------
The Screen Setup feature allows you to change what information is displayed in the instrument cluster as well as the location in which that information is displayed. 

67. ----------
The manual does not provide a direct answer to the user's question. 

68. ----------
The recommended way to measure GTW is to put your fully loaded trailer on a vehicle scale. 

69. ----------
When you must leave the vehicle to seek assistance, the Hazard Warning Flashers will continue to operate even though the ignition is placed in the OFF position.  Note: With extended use the Hazard Warning Flashers may wear down your battery. 

70. ----------
The parking brake should always be applied when the driver is not in the vehicle.  Especially on an incline. 

71. ----------
Outside parking, which exposes your vehicle to airborne contaminants, road surfaces on which the vehicle is operated, extreme hot or cold weather, and other extreme conditions will have an adverse effect on paint, metal trim, and underbody protection. 

72. ----------
Never allow children to ride in the front passenger seat and never install a child restraint system, including a rear-facing child restraint, in the front passenger seat.  

73. ----------
A portable battery booster pack can be used for jump starting. 

74. ----------
The 4WD Low Indicator Light will be turned on if the vehicle is in the 4WD Low mode. 

75. ----------
If the temperature is below 72°F (24°C) and/or the top has been folded down for a period of time, the top will appear to have shrunk when you raise it, making it difficult to put up. 

76. ----------
If your vehicle has a discharged battery, it can be jump started using a set of jumper cables and a battery in another vehicle, or by using a portable battery booster pack.  

77. ----------
Please refer to your provided radio supplement for complete information. 

78. ----------
To Accelerate For Passing While the Cruise Control is set, press the accelerator to pass as you would normally. 

79. ----------
Designated TOP TIER Detergent Gasoline contains a higher level of detergents to further aide in minimizing engine and fuel system deposits. 

80. ----------
Push and release the Remote Start button on the key fob twice within five seconds. 

81. ----------
Using the provided #T40 Torx head driver and ratchet, loosen the Torx head fasteners located on the underside of each door hinge (two per door), and remove the fasteners by pulling downward.  

82. ----------
If the “POWER STEERING HOT” message and an icon are displayed on the instrument cluster screen, it indicates that extreme steering maneuvers may have occurred, which caused an over temperature condition in the power steering system. 

83. ----------
Transmission Limp Home mode may operate only in certain gears, or may not shift at all.  Vehicle performance may be severely degraded and the engine may stall.  Continuous driving with the Transmission Temperature Warning Light illuminated will eventually cause severe transmission damage or transmission failure. 

84. ----------
If a non-OAT engine coolant (antifreeze) is introduced into the cooling system in an emergency, the cooling system will need to be drained, flushed, and refilled with fresh OAT coolant (conforming to MS.90032), by an authorized dealer as soon as possible. 

85. ----------
The HomeLink® unit is disabled when the vehicle security system is active. 

86. ----------
To read the speedometer, push and release the up or down arrow button until the speedometer menu icon is displayed in the instrument cluster display. Push and release the ok button to toggle between mph and km/h. 

87. ----------
The VR button is used to activate/deactivate your voice recognition system. 

88. ----------
A tire marked C may have poor traction performance. 

89. ----------
The Screen Setup feature allows you to change what information is displayed in the instrument cluster as well as the location in which that information is displayed. 

90. ----------
“help ” to hear a list of suggested voice commands. 

91. ----------
The TrailCam view can be activated via the below methods: Press the FWD Camera button on the controls screen.  Press the Forward Facing Camera button on the apps menu.  Press the TrailCam button on the Off Road Pages. 

92. ----------
Make sure hands and fingers are clear of all pinch points when installing and removing the soft top. 
The lift assist mechanism and side bows may cause serious injury if fingers or hands get caught in between. 

93. ----------
Rotate the control forward to increase and rearward to decrease the desired amount of lumbar support. 

94. ----------
Diagnostic Procedure Manuals are filled with diagrams, charts and detailed illustrations.  They show exactly how to find and correct problems, using step-by-step troubleshooting and drivability procedures, proven diagnostic tests and a complete list of all tools and equipment.  

95. ----------
It is recommended to replace the two front tires or two rear tires as a pair.  Using a tire with a smaller load index could result in tire overloading and failure. 

96. ----------
To order the Owner's Manuals you may use either the website or the phone numbers listed below. 

97. ----------
The instrument cluster may display different messages depending on the system or fuel conditions. 

98. ----------
Number 1 ULSD Fuel should only be used where extended arctic conditions 0°F (-18°C) exist. 

99. ----------
The Locking Storage Bin can be accessed by folding the rear seat bottom upward into the Stadium Position. 
